<h1> Reindustrialization </h1>
<p> Is there a Mindustry mod about real chemistry and engineering? I have seen a bunch of mods that use metal names for the materials, but most of them end up being completely fictional. </p>
<p> That's why I made this mod to present you a GregTech-style experience (or kinda torture). </p>
<hr>
<p> Reindustrialization (Reind in short) is a mod mainly done by myself only, I initially made this to practice coding and help me with my studies, but somehow I went too far. It does not extend vanilla gameplay, even differs from that. The mod adds a lot of factories and new mechanics to the game, however, with few turrets since tower defense is not the theme for Reind. The main goal is not to build your defense, but to explore the routes of production for various products, most of which are chemicals. </p>
<p> Reind is expected to be WIP for a long time since I'm solely working on the mod, and I need time to know how these routes work in real life. I don't have plan to share the project with others for now, which may ruin the continuity of style (also partially due to the codes). But I can add your ideas to the game if it's really interesting ;D </p>
<p> This mod used to require MultiCraft Lib by Liplum & Jojo, now that I have built the local codes for recipes, it's no longer required. However, if there are any multi-crafters in the save you may get an error when loading it, and you'll need roll back to previous versions where MCL is still used and manually deconstruct those buildings. For campaign saves, simply abandon those sectors as the maps are changed. </p>
